Wiki docs migrated to Edge repo (#2052)
0xPolygon/polygon-edge: wiki-docs/docs/design/consensus/polybft/ibft.md

    If the proposed block is accepted, it's added to the blockchain, and the state of the blockchain is updated to reflect the changes introduced by the transactions in the block. This process continues with the next proposer proposing a new block, and the process repeats.

### Validator Set

PolyBFT limits network participation to around 100 validators, and a variable amount of stake is used as a fixed stake criterion to limit the system's security and can make the system economically vulnerable. The validator set in the PolyBFT does not update on each block but is fixed during n block periods known as an epoch.

> The `n` block period to define one epoch is determined by governance, and until then, validators will remain the same. At the end of the epoch, a special state transaction to validatorSetManagementContract is emitted, notifying the system about the validators' uptime during the epoch. It is up to the smart contract to reward validators by their uptime and update the validator set for the next epoch. There is a function getValidatorSet which returns the current validator set at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `n` block period to define one epoch is determined by `genesis` configuration, and until then, validators will remain the same. At the end of the epoch, a special state transaction to validatorSetManagementContract is emitted, notifying the system about the validators' uptime during the epoch. It is up to the smart contract to reward validators by their uptime and update the validator set for the next epoch. There is a function getValidatorSet which returns the current validator set at any time.
```
